\chapter{Introduction}

This operations and policy manual covers the design effectiveness of
the Virtual Asset Trading Platform's proposed structure, governance,
operations, systems and controls, with a focus on key areas such as
governance and staffing, token admission, custody of virtual assets,
KYC, AML/CFT, market surveillance, risk management, and cybersecurity.

The operations and policy manual will describe the design and
rationale behind the policies and procedures for a virtual asset
trading platform.  Each chapter will contain an set of operational
policies and standards as well as an evaluation section.  This
evaluation section will be reviewed by an external assessor to
indicate compliance with the chapter in question.

\section{History}

This operations and policy manual arose out of the institution gap
that arose from the institution of licensing for virtual asset service
providers in Hong Kong by the Securities and Futures Commission.  The
primary objective of the SFC within Hong Kong is to protect the
investing public through consumer protection and measures to insure
license stability.  As part of the application for licensing the SFC
requires that an applicant prepare a Phase 1 External Assessor Report
which is an assessment of the the virtual asset exchange, and once the
applicant receives an approval in principal, the external assessor
will prepare a report describing the implementation of the measures
within the report.

However, this creates a dilemma in that neither the SFC or the
external assessor is in a position to give a virtual asset service
provider directions on what the provider should do.  The job of the
SFC to focus on outcomes and the SFC cannot and will not provide
specific technical instructions on what a virtual asset service
provider should do.  The job of the external assessor is to audit and
also to judge outcomes, but again, they are not in a position to
design and implement a system.

Moreover, the mechanism of licensing decreases clarity and
transparency, and increases cost.  Without joint communication each
virtual asset service provider may be redoing the same practices and
expending duplication of resources.  Furthermore, in the area of
cybersecurity and technology, best practices suggest value in sharing
information and increased public understanding and awareness over the
internal processes of an exchange.

It is with this in mind that we have begun our licensing process by
preparing this operations and policies manual and making it open to
the public.  Along side this manual are checklists and forms for
external assessors where then can comparing existing infrastructure to
best practices.

\section{Organization}

This manual is organized into the following chapters

\begin{itemize}
  \item Governance and Staffing - This will describe the governance
    structure and human resources of the firm
  \item Risk management - This section will describe the risk
    management process and the specific risks that have been
    identified for the firm.
  \item Operations - This will describe the operations of the
    business.  This section will include KYC procedures
  \item Infrastructure - This chapter will describe the technical
    infrastructure of the firm.  Included in this section are the
    cybersecurity and custody arrangements
  \item Development and growth.  This section will describe the
    considerations to be undertaken as the company grows and develops.
    Included in this section will be token admission policies.
\end{itemize}

\section{Public comment and review}
The operations manual for the exchange is a living document will be
made public, and the public in general and clients of the firm will be
encouraged to propose suggestions for improvement.

\section{Waivers and modifications}
The operations manual will be reviewed by senior management with
public input at least one per year.  In addition, the managing
director may modify the terms of the operations manual by placing a
notice in writing.

The instructions of the operation are standing instructions, however
in the event that it is necessary to protect the interests of the
clients or other stakeholders, a waiver to the instructions in the
manual may be presented.

\section{Contractual obligation}
Nothing in this manual shall establish a contractual obligation with
any outside parties.  However, the contents of the manual are intended
to be considered for fitness for licensure by the regulator.
